Note deprecation of the node performance dashboard (#29171)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2016-11-00-Visualize-Kubelet-Performance-With-Node-Dashboard.md

url: /blog/2016/11/Visualize-Kubelet-Performance-With-Node-Dashboard
---

> {{< caution >}}
> The Node Performance Dashboard was retired in early 2019 as part of the [kubernetes/contrib](https://github.com/kubernetes-retired/contrib/issues/3007) repository deprecation and is no longer available.
> {{< /caution >}}

Reviewer: I'd avoid using a caution shortcode
- we might change how we use that in the future
- the caution shortcode is quite strong, implying “you could break your cluster if you don't pay attention here”
 
```suggestion
_Since this article was published, the Node Performance Dashboard was retired and is no longer available.
This retirement happened in early 2019, as part of the_ `kubernetes/contrib`
_[repository deprecation](https://github.com/kubernetes-retired/contrib/issues/3007)_.
```

Reviewer 2: Assign @sftim since he already engaged on this/
/assign @sftim
